Anna wakes up in the office, tied to a chair, her senses on high alert. She quickly assesses her surroundings — they’re neat, organized, purposeful, much like Troy’s mannerisms. Her thoughts race back to her previous encounters with him. She remembers Troy as charismatic, effortlessly likable, someone who could blend in anywhere, play the part of a confident leader or an attentive listener. It irritates her because she knows how much effort she puts into trying to be half as convincing.

But now, this room feels like a trap. It's cold and calculated, built for strategy, not conversation.

*** **Troy's Cold Calculus:**
When Troy enters, he isn't the person she remembers. His demeanor is subdued, almost clinical. He's direct, analytical, and awkward in a detached, robotic way, not the warm awkwardness she saw before. His questions are sharp and aimed at gathering information. There’s no small talk, no pretense.

Anna feels thrown off. She expected Troy to turn on the charm, to manipulate her with the ease he did before. Instead, he's cold, awkward, and less aware of how he comes across. It's as if he's dissecting her, breaking her down into data points.

*** **Breaking Expectations:**
Her frustration grows because she realizes he isn't putting on an act — he’s genuinely operating from a place of detached calculation. If *this* is the real Troy, then what has she been trying to emulate all this time?

Troy senses her discomfort but interprets it as fear or confusion. He keeps pushing, trying to maintain control by keeping her off-balance. His questions are pointed: he asks about her mother, her church, her role. He probes to see how deep her loyalty runs, how much of it is true belief versus fear or obligation.

*** **Anna's Frustration:**
Anna is both frustrated and confused. The easy, charismatic boy she knew is gone. She can't understand why he's so different now. Her Fi-dominant side, long suppressed, is beginning to flare up, but all she knows is that she's angry.

**Anna:** "You don't sound like the boy I met."

**Troy:** "I was maintaining appearances then. Nothing more. Now I simply need to think about how to explain this to you. I don't want to scare you."

**Anna:** "Good job. Somebody should give you a medal."

**Troy:** "You're afraid of me, but you don't need to be. We have a common enemy. I have no interest in harming you. Not anymore."

**Anna:** "Why be so cold now when you're capable of being so warm?"

**Troy:** "Because lying so blatantly would be an insult to your intelligence and mine."

*** **Troy's Offer:**
He lays out his offer — become a spy, gather information from within, prove she’s more than Julia’s puppet. He frames it logically: her loyalty is misplaced; the organization is corrupt; she can find her truth by working with him. But his delivery is clinical, almost condescending.

**Troy:** "Let's put this in a way you may understand. Your mother, Julia Hawthorne, is a bad person. She's doing bad things right now. I would love it if you proved me wrong, but you'd have to gather evidence. You'd have to get in the inside and see past all the show boats. Think you can handle it?"

**Anna:** "I'll do it, but first, who was that boy I met? The one with the smile that could light up a room?"

**Troy:** "Um...what?"

**Anna:** "Who?"

**Troy:** "Nothing more than a persona, like how you put on clothes."

Anna studies him for a long moment, then asks quietly, **"So there's no real you, then? Just...masks?"**

*** **Troy's Fear and Deflection:**
Troy freezes. For a split second, fear flickers across his face. The idea of being “just masks” cuts too close to the bone, a little too familiar. It brushes against the very thing he fears becoming — someone with no real self, only roles to play. 

But he quickly deflects, his expression becoming guarded again.

**Troy:** "If you're going to do what we do, you need to get extremely familiar with them."

Anna senses the shift in him, the way he pulls back just slightly. She doesn’t know the source of his fear, but she sees the walls go up, the way he tries to steer the conversation back under his control. 

**Anna:** "Maybe I don’t want to be like you."

**Troy:** "And yet I got the impression you spent your entire life up until now trying to be half of what I am."

The words hit her like a slap. Troy’s eyes flicker, watching for her reaction. He knows he’s struck a nerve, and he leans in, pressing on the very insecurity she’s been trying to hide.

*** A Delicate Dance:
Anna feels her frustration mount, but she also feels a flicker of recognition. He’s right. She’s been trying to be someone she’s not — trying to live up to her mother’s image, to be what others expect of her. And somehow, this detached, awkward Troy sees it all.

Instead of recoiling, she leans in. "I’m still here, aren’t I? Still asking questions, still pushing back. Maybe I’m more than you think."

Troy's mask slips just a fraction. For the first time, he seems to see her not as a pawn but as a real person, someone who might just be a little like him, after all.

This version has Troy hitting directly on Anna's core insecurity, showing his perceptiveness and his willingness to exploit it while also revealing just enough of his own vulnerabilities.
