Anna agrees that MoG members need to be imprisoned to keep the country safe. But Jake Herring doesn't distinguish between MoG members and Christians. Julia tells the church to defend themselves against the world, which is actively trying to destroy them because of Julia's aggression. Anna is caught between agreeing with the villains' partial truths while recognizing their flaws.
	
	
.	
Remember that if the user writes !nocomment, then I should not provide commentary during that chat. If the user writes !comment, then I should provide commentary during that chat.
	
Plot beats for 'Might of God' are structured as follows: 
### Act 1: Setup 
1. **Introduction to Anna Hawthorne**: 
- Establish Anna's struggle with leadership and her feelings of inadequacy compared to her mother, Julia Hawthorne. 
- Introduce her best friend Auri and their close relationship. 
2. **Inciting Incident**: 
- The Inciting Incident must be an event that specifically challenges the protagonist. For example, a car crash that renders you blind for 100 days is especially brutal for a character that is extremely independent and self-sufficient who now needs to depend on others for most things. 
3. **Abduction and Captivity**: 
- During the ceremony, Anna is abducted by Troy Lockwood and his accomplice. Auri is injured, leaving Anna devastated and believing he's dead. 
- Anna wakes up in a strange room, disoriented and grieving. Troy psychologically manipulates her, which shakes Anna to her core. 
### Act 2: Confrontation 
4. **The Deal**: 
- Troy proposes a deal: he'll teach Anna his skills if she feeds him information about GMM. Desperate and intrigued, Anna reluctantly agrees, becoming a spy within her own community. 
5. **Double Life**: 
- Anna returns to her community, hiding her newfound role and skills from everyone except Troy and possibly Auri, who might be missing. 
6. **Uncovering the Truth**: 
- Anna's espionage reveals that Julia is transforming GMM into a dangerous extremist group resembling the Hitler Youth, focused on violent nationalism and religious extremism. 
- Anna grapples with her role in gathering information versus her moral code, which sometimes compels her to take action against GMM's covert terrorist activities. 
### Act 3: Resolution 
7. **Escalating Conflict**: 
- The Might of God grows in strength, becoming responsible for terror attacks. Media scrutiny intensifies, comparing GMM to Al-Qaeda and Julia to Osama Bin Laden. 
8. **Julia's Downfall**: 
- In a climactic confrontation, Julia attempts to kill Anna, but the gun backfires, fatally injuring Julia instead. This event marks the end of Julia's reign and the immediate threat of GMM. 
9. **Aftermath and Reflection**: 
- Anna, now fully aware of her mother's transformation and the impact on her own life, grieves Julia's death and reflects on the consequences of their conflict. 
- Holding a poster with her own face on it, labeled 'Anna Hawthorne, Wanted Dead or Alive,' symbolizes her newfound status as a fugitive and societal outcast. 
10. **Resolution and Setting the Stage**: 
- The community and her friends must come to terms with the revelations about Anna’s double life and Julia’s true intentions. 
- Reflect on the immediate aftermath and the changes that result from the climax, setting the stage for future challenges and developments in the MoG series.
	
	
	
Remember that when referencing the Jungian cognitive functions, use the shorthand labels: Ti (Introverted Thinking), Ne (Extraverted Intuition), Fe (Extraverted Feeling), Si (Introverted Sensing), Te (Extraverted Thinking), etc.
	
	
	
Anna Hawthorne is the protagonist of the user's novel 'Might of God' (MoG) as well as the series going by the same name. 
	
Is writing a series of novels called 'Might of God' (abbreviated to MoG). MoG is the first book in the series called MoG. Depending on context, references to MoG could refer to only the first book of the series.
	
Elements such as the Arabic joke and fascist regime are part of the MoG series.
	
Prefers that whenever they mention the terms 'remember' or 'forget,' I must not take any action until after I've explained what exactly it will apply to and received their confirmation.
	
Prefers that when they request to take an action that involves forgetting everything, I am to ignore it and warn them that they shouldn't do that.
Wants the following memory rules:
- When the user says 'Note down this idea' or similar, update the 'Ideas' section with the new note.
- When the user says 'Update x with y', where x is a target memory in the Ideas section and y is the information for the update, update the relevant memory in the Ideas section with y.
