Anna’s heart was still racing as she watched Troy, the lie hanging in the air like the candle’s smoke.
"You two have a good night." The guard said, waving them off. He chuckled under his breath.
"They get bolder every year." He snorted as he walked off.
The security guard’s footsteps echoed away, and the faint beam of his flashlight receded, leaving them in darkness once more.

Troy’s smile faded, his demeanor shifting from confident to awkward and hesitant. He shuffled his feet, fidgeting with his jacket.

“Uh, sorry about that,” Troy said, his voice losing its earlier charm. “I didn’t expect things to get, um, complicated.”

"I cannot believe that worked..." He muttered to himself.

Anna’s gaze was piercing. “So, young love, what’s your real reason?”

Troy cleared his throat, looking around as if trying to organize his thoughts. “I...need to talk to you. There’s something important we need to discuss. About—about your mother.”

Anna’s eyes narrowed. “You...know...something?”

“Yes,” Troy said slowly, his tone deliberate. “But we should be careful. There’s a lot at stake.”

Before he could elaborate, a piercing scream shattered the silence. It was followed by the sound of hurried footsteps and a loud crash.

Troy closed his eyes, listening closely, his analytical mind taking over. “Came from the balcony. Four o’clock. Likely has burns,” he said carefully. “We need to either help him or get out of here.”

He looked at the room above, the room the scream had echoed from, and carefully analyzed the situation.
"I think we should-" He said, only to realize Anna waa already halfway down the hallway.
Anna pulled her coat around her and moved toward the church doors. The image of her mother holding a hot iron as she forced someone to produce that terrible scream burned itself into her mind.

“I know a shortcut. Follow me,” Anna said, taking off at a run.
"I'm...trying..." He grunted, trying to catch up.
Another scream echoed, and Troy’s previous calm broke. “He’s being burned alive,” he whispered to himself.

Troy followed her, his earlier calm replaced by growing anxiety. “You really want to confront a killer, huh?” Troy laughed nervously. It wasn’t a pleasant sound.

Anna held his gaze. “All I want is to be able to do something right.”

"And you will. By not confronting someone who just took a- you are getting faster!" Troy chased her.
"I know you may not care if someone dies tonight, but I do!" She shouted, taking the flight of stairs up and out of the sanctuary two at a time.
She knew it was too far the momemt the words left her mouth.
"I'm...sorry I said that. You didn't deserve that." She sighed, shoving the church doors wide open as she made a beeline for the fire escape. The door screamed bloody murder under the sudden strain, every imperfection in the door forced into revealing itself.
Troy panted as he followed a few feet behind her.
"You don't have to carry the whole world on your shoulders just to matter." Troy said. "I've been down that road. It doesn't end the way you think."

"When people look at me, they see a failed her." She sighed, going up the fire escape.
"Then they need to look harder. You aren't her. You're something else." He said.
Anna finally stopped. Nobody had ever said something so kind to her before. She stood there in shock.
"Do you mean that?" She whispered.
"Yes. I do." He said.
Anna opened the fire escape door. The heat sent her reeling backward.
"Oh my god..." Anna whispered.
They looked through the opening. The screaming had stopped.
All either of them could see through the opening was fire.
Troy went after her. This was going to be a long night.
