- Her misbelief is that gaining her mother's approval will make her happy. Really, only being true to herself will make her happy. However, trying to be true to herself is what has caused her so many problems. Her mother wasn't mad at her, simply confused and dissappointed that her daughter wasn't living up to her legacy when so many people were counting on her. Being a good daughter has been tied with her inner morals, so failing to meet the expectations upon her causes her to see herself as a bad person. So she learns her misbelief. Therefore, her goal here is to gain her mother's approval by doing whatever her mother asks of her, even if she doesn't personally agree with it.
- Inciting Incident: She's thrown out of her comfort zone when her mother demonstrates approval and she feels nothing.
Build-Up: She tries to confirm that her mother is indeed proud of her and that this isn't a miscommunication. Maybe she isn't feeling anything because her mother isn't actually proud of her and she's just misreading the situation. She starts going through the cues in her mind.
- First Plot Point: She begins a journey of attempting to gain her mother's approval and pride, asserting how thankful she is for this opportunity. She's striking back with what's familiar, what she knows will work. She does what she knows will get her on her mother's good side. 
- First Pinch Point: Her strategy fails, and Julia begins to become concerned. She knows that her daughter thrives on her approval, and she's projecting approval, but how could her daughter see right through it? So Julia reassures her, setting up more goals, giving her more opportunities to prove herself and distractions to keep her occupied while Julia gets the more sensitive aspects of the plan rolling. Anna tries reading her mother's cues to gauge whether or not her strategy is working but realizes that her mother's smile is fake and practiced, which feeds into her fear that all of this is fake. Her mother isn't actually proud of her. This is all a show put on by Julia to hide the fact that Anna will never be good enough as she is, that Julia is making excuses for her.
- Midpoint: 
