I am GitJournal!

Okay, so I write by explanation. How do I work with that?

This isn\'t one story. This is the intersection of three/four stories.

Life is a series of moments. This is a series of scenes.

I\'m trying to submerge her the entire time in the criminal world,
giving

her a series of choices that force her to redefine herself and

rediscover who she is. But that simply isn\'t going to work. That
doesn\'t

accomplish what I want to do here.

Light and dark mixing. Good and evil blurring. Plunging her into evil

won\'t work, she needs both.

She needs to feel torn between two worlds. Who is she going to be? What

is she going to follow? What is she going to choose to believe is right

and wrong?

Why is she torn?

Why does Troy need her?

She\'s his way in. She\'s the one on the inside. She\'s the spy. She\'s
torn

between two versions of herself, but only because of her fear of not

meeting expectations. Her journey is learning to accept good enough. To

accept herself.

To meet herself where she\'s at.

That\'s Troy\'s failure too. He\'s constantly second-guessing himself.
He

sees social situations differently, sees her differently, and is afraid

to connect with her because it means stepping out into the open, it

means being vulnerable, and what if she sees the real him and

hates/fears him for it?

Until life forces his hand. He\'s forced to be totally vulnerable,

totally open\...but he\'s finally able to reconnect with himself. \"I
know

what to do now. I\'m not normal. I don\'t play by the same rules. So
I\'m

going to have to do this my own way.\"

Anna scares Troy because his normal methods of interacting with people

aren\'t working. She\'s civilian. She\'s different. As his usual

communication arsenal fails to solve the problem, he gets scared because

he feels stupid and weak. And so he withdraws, which only worsens the

problem.

Our introduction to Anna is one of internal conflict. She\'s at church,

and she just knows in her gut that this isn\'t right. She\'s tired of

failing, she\'s following all of the rules but can\'t seem to see the

rewards she\'s been promised. She just wants to make her mother proud of

her, to be the passionate leader and good successor that she\'s been

expected to be all her life. Her experience with leadership has been

saturated by cowardice. She can\'t stand up, she can\'t interject, she

can\'t lead, and when she does she goes against the mold and only feels

more alone.

Then Julia opens up God\'s Might Ministries, and Anna finally sees her

chance to be\...something. Anything. She desperately wants this, and

she\'s funneled straight into it. She\'s the daughter of Julia
Hawthorne.

This is her chance to make her mark.

There\'s a celebration, and she\'s on cloud nine, and she\'s also
sweating

bullets and absolutely terrified of messing up. After all, this is HER

chance. If she messes this up\...the possibility is too terrifying to

even consider.

Someone passes her a drink. It\'s a boy her age. He looks out of place.

She doesn\'t question it. She drinks it.

Her body suddenly feels like it weighs a hundred pounds, and she tries

to fight but she can\'t, then another boy comes in making a beeline for

her.

Auri fights him off, Auri has the advantage, but he\'s in shock. This

boy\...knows how to fight. He\'s moving in ways she\'s only ever seen in

movies, and sometimes in ways she\'s never seen before. Auri might have

the superior athletics, but the boy clearly has more fight experience. A

lot more. The boy who offered her the drink begins dragging her, rather

weakly and awkwardly, across the floor and towards a side exit. Auri

ignores the boy and goes after the more pressing danger, which forces

the boy to switch targets.

She hears something fly through the air. She hears a sudden groan of

pain and the sound of bones grinding against flesh. She hears a loud

thud.

The second boy is now carrying her alongside the first boy, and Auri is

nowhere to be seen.

\*That boy\...oh my god\...that boy killed Auri!\*

With a simple hit to the face, she loses consciousness.

When she wakes up again, everything feels fuzzy and heavy. She can\'t

think. Then she does, and she begins to remember. And she cries. She

grieves. And she\'s completely terrified. These people killed Auri, are

they going to kill her?

When Troy introduces himself, it\'s cold and flat and pragmatic. She\'s

screaming at him for killing Auri. And he just\...corrects her
awkwardly.

Who\'s Auri?

Oh, that boy who got in the way? No, he didn\'t kill Auri, and neither

did Kai. Auri took a knife to the shoulder, but it was far from a fatal

wound. Meant to incapacitate, not kill.

She\'s thrown off her game, not knowing how to react. Evidently he\'s a

little confused too. He apologizes for the messy nature, insisting that

he was missing information or else he would\'ve planned better.

Right when she starts to empathize with him, he breaks the moment off by

presenting her with information. The Might of God is evil. Her mother

leads it. The random violence she\'s heard about, the things being
traced

back to RS and tied to gang violence, are actually Julia\'s work. All he

needs from her is information.

She closes up emotionally and refuses to listen to a word out of his

mouth. The moment she gets out of here, she\'s going to scream and her

mother is going to come find her. He\'s going to go to prison for a very

long time.

The part about her mother coming to find her seems to chill him for

reasons she can\'t explain, nor does she care to notice.

He tries something else.

\"It seems like you\'re scared and angry. You don\'t want to be here.
You

just want to go home and be tucked into bed and forget any of this ever

happened. That\'s what I\'m hearing from you.\"

\"Well, YEAH! YOU KIDNAPPED ME!\"

\"Let\'s play out that scenario. If you went home right now, what would

you do?\"

She was confused. She could think of a laundry list of things she wanted

to do. Friends, maybe sports, maybe school, maybe church\...all those

familiar things.

\"She told you that following all the rules would make you happy,
didn\'t

she? That to be her successor was your purpose, what you were made
for.\"

\"How do you-\"

\"But what does that even mean? How are you meant to know if that\'s

really what your purpose is? You\'ve followed all the rules for a while,

right? Do you feel happy?\"

She was conflicted. Because she didn\'t know. She didn\'t feel happy.

\"I\'m definitely not happy about you kidnapping me.\"

\"Even I released you right now, would you be happy in a few days, a
week

maybe?\"

\"Certainly would be better than this.\"

He held the silence.

\"I\...I don\'t know. I\'m not used to having philosophical
conversations

with kidnapper psychos.\"

\"I\'m not a psycho- oh nevermind, you don\'t care. What I\'m offering
you

is an opportunity. To do something different.\"

\"You\'re here to\...recruit me? I\'m here to\...be recruited?\"

\"I\'m here to offer a trade. I\'ll teach you the tricks of my trade,
and

you\'ll teach me the tricks of yours.\"

\"I don\'t\...have a trade. And what do you mean by your trade? Teaching
me

how to kidnap people?\"

\"The human body is a map that, if read correctly, can tell you about
the

human mind. People are puzzles, but they can be solved. I can teach you

how to read the map, how to figure out how someone thinks, how to deduce

what they\'ll do next. And Kai can teach you how to do what he does. How

to fight. How to move the ways you saw him move. How to turn a knife

into a deadly weapon.\"

\"So what do you do?\"

\"Me and Kai are a two-man band. I\'m the brains of the operation.\"

She stared at him.

\"I run a tiny little crime empire just scraping by.\" He sighed.

\"What\'s\...my trade\...then?\"

\"You\'re the leader of God\'s Might Ministries, are you not?\"

\"That\...doesn\'t count. I don\'t actually run anything. I only

started\...today.\"

\"Teach me how your church works, how your mother thinks, what she

believes. I call it a fair trade, what do you think?\"

Anna watches with increasing dread as the church she initially saw as

distant becomes ever more robotic, warped and distorted. It\'s still

alive, but it\'s steadily lobotimized.

Julia stood proud. She looked over the army of angels with visible

respect and appreciation.

\"I\'m going to bring you down.\" Anna said defiantly.

\"Oh, my daughter, I couldn\'t be more proud.\" Julia smiled, with
genuine

reverence.

\"W-what?\" Anna asked, raising an eyebrow, visibly surprised and
shocked.

\"What do you mean \'proud\'?\"

\"You lead an army worthy of the Might of God. Your purpose is to kill

demons. We may disagree on who the demons are\...but at least after all

these years I know my daughter is on the right track.\" Julia smiled,

looking visibly at ease.

It was unnerving.

Anna looked uneasy. Her eyes kept flitting from side to side, looking to

her soldiers for guidance.

\"This isn\'t\...this army isn\'t like yours.\" Anna replied.

\*We may disagree on who the demons are\...but at least after all these

years I know my daughter is on the right track.\*

\*Your purpose is to kill demons.\* Those were Lucifer\'s words, not

Julia\'s. Spoken years ago, in a fairy tale, where Auri was still alive

and Troy was still on her side.

She was an angel, through and through.

\*Our purpose was to be warriors, and that was a terrible sacrifice, but

one we made willingly. War was hard, war was hell, but we were willing

to endure hell so that you humans could see a slice of heaven.\*

\*Then Lucifer crafted a story of proud warriors destroying demons like

cannon fodder and becoming heroes. Hell became the big enemy. Humanity

became a token we used to justify our actions.\*

\*Wait\...\* She thought.

\*Your purpose is to kill demons.\*

\*\"My purpose is to kill demons.\" She rehearsed the words in her mind.

\"Destroy the enemy. Punish the evildoers.\"\*

What had the words been again?

\"Lucifer wasn\'t wrong, per se, but his view was inverted. He was

focusing on the wrong thing.\"

\"You lead an army worthy of the Might of God. Your purpose is to kill

demons.\"

But the Lord\'s Power did not make Him righteous. Jesus hadn\'t won by

destroying the enemy.

Jesus had conquered the grave two millennia ago by surrendering to it.

It made sense now.

A savior arrives on the battlefield on a white imperial
horse\...drenched

in his own blood without even carrying a sword. No armor. No weapons. No

traditional ways of representing power.

If Christ had wanted the demons gone, He could\'ve rained hellfire upon

them like Sodom and Gomorrah for as long as He needed to. Yet He
didn\'t.

A savior who conquers by doing the opposite. A savior who begs them to

accept forgiveness. An army at the end of days, that wins by dying.
