* The Beginning
  The introduction is always the hardest part, isn't it?
  Those first few sentences you have with a person, to tell them who you are, what you are, and why they should care. A long time ago, I would've agonized for something like this.
  Now, as the people in the old country like to say: كما تقوم بعملك، دع الله يقوم بعمله.
  Or as those in the perhaps older country like to say: כפי שאתה עושה את שלך, תן לאלוהים לעשות את שלו.

  /To let the Lord do His work as you do yours./
  So I'll do my part. My name is Anna Hawthorne. This is my story. And it starts roughly ten years ago, give or take.
  Me and...her...were on our way to church. The sun was shining, the flowers were blooming, and I could smell her hair from all the way in the backseat of the SUV. It smelled like rosemary and a little bit of myrrh. That was simply how my mother was. Elegant and proper and composed. She had a reputation to maintain after all.
  Even from back here, I could see that not a stitch was out of place on her long, red dress.
  By comparison, I was drab.
  Ankle-length green dress that was patchy in places, holey in others, and not the good kind of holey. I was wearing sneakers. Single-color green sneakers to go with the dress.
  /You would think a Hawthorne of all people would've known to go for the gold./

  We were leaders. Go-getters. The word mom always chose was: Prophets.
  Not technically true, but it served its purpose. Just like we did. That was why we strived so hard to look good, act right, to serve the most. If we fell out of line, mom always said, our church would follow.
  In hindsight, she was right, but that doesn't matter yet.

  Leading meant keeping our cool, even if my mind was racing with doubts and questions.

  My mom seemed...different. Her typical charisma was replaced with something else resembling steely resolve. Something was going to be different about today, and she knew it.

  The SUV slowed down in the church parking lot. I opened my door, and stepped out. The concrete mixed with brick made for a unique texture under my feet.

  "Anna," she said softly as we walked into the service, "Today's about showing what you can do. Something big happens today, and you have a part to play in making it happen."

  Her words were laced with that familiar expectation. What people expected of me. To carry on a legacy I was only just beginning to understand. The legacy of Julia Hawthorne.

  I wanted to live up to it, to be it, to feel like I didn't have to pretend or hide who I truly was. I was Anna, though. Not Anna Hawthorne, but just...Julia's daughter.
  Stepping into the church lobby, a warm glow from overhead lights mixed with holiday decorations set the stage for our Christmas preparations. The scent of pine and hot cocoa wafted through the air, mingling with the sound of hushed conversations. Everywhere I looked were familiar faces adorned with expressions of curiosity...and concern.

  The lobby bustled with activity. Volunteers prepared gift baskets, laughing as conversations went on. Despite the festive atmosphere, there was a single question burning on everyone's minds, including mine: Where was Toby?

  He'd usually be sitting at one of the tables greeting newcomers. No, not usually, /always/, with no exceptions. Something was wrong. /Really/ wrong.

  "Where's Toby?" I asked mom.

  Her eyes focused on mine intently. "You'll find out. Later."

  And I trusted her. Completely.

  We moved through the throng of people, nodding greetings as we made our way to the main doors leading into the sanctuary. The look was unmistakable—stained glass windows casting colorful patterns on the polished wooden floors, pews stretching out.

  It was hard not to feel overwhelmed by the sheer size of the place. But as I glanced around at the gathered congregation, there was no question about it. I wasn't the only one asking where Toby was, and not the only one getting vague answers.

  My hands sweated. Mom never gave me anything big, at least, not things she warned me ahead of time were big. If she was warning me about it before I even knew what it was, then it was /huge/. Finally, the people began to...congregate? Is that /really/ where the word congregation comes from? They congregated into the sanctuary as I sat down in my front row seat and we waited for Pastor Toby to give opening remarks. But after a few minutes of waiting, Pastor Toby wasn't here. Not on stage, not in the room, he was nowhere. Instead, Mom stepped up to the stage.

  Normal people start their remarks with 'I know the question on everyone's minds...' or something similar. Not my mother. 

  "I've been given this letter to read by a confidant of Pastor Tobias Anders. I've also been instructed not to read it until now, in public or in private." She explained with that natural confidence, but also obvious nervousness. 

  She didn't know what was in the letter either, or maybe she did and didn't like what it said at all.

  I knew even before she opened her mouth to read the first words that something was very wrong about this. Toby wouldn't have called a confidant. He would've read the letter himself.

  "I have only the greatest, most profound faith in this community..." She began.

  Toby hadn't written this letter. I'd read Toby's letters. He would've never began so formally, even if the message was formal.

  /Especially if the message was formal./

  Someone else had written this letter for Toby, and that meant...

  "...that is why, in my composing of this letter, I trust it will be received, not with the grief of those without faith..."

  The world stopped feeling real. I knew that wording. Toby was dead. I didn't know how, or why, but it didn't matter right now. All that mattered was my world breaking clean into two, a giant fracture right where Toby had been. Murmuring rose in the crowd.

  "Is he really-?"

  "There's no way..."

  "Was it a heart attack?"

  Apparently, it was, indeed, a heart attack.

  Toby had been the closest thing I had to a father. And now he was gone. I didn't even remember walking out of the sanctuary, I was just suddenly sitting at one of the tables. Everybody else was inside the sanctuary, listening to the sermon, but I just...couldn't handle that right now.

  A boy only a year or two older than me at most sat down at my table, looking me over carefully. He was dressed in a simple orange t-shirt and blue jeans, with short black hair that looked like he had cut it himself and shouldn't have tried. He was smiling gently at me, reassuringly.

  "My condolences. From what I've heard, he was one of the best." He said softly. He sounded so sure of himself, unlike how I felt.

  "One of the best." I agreed nervously, playing with a strand of my hair.

  "You can call me Ray. I'm a newcomer. What's your name?" He asked.

  /Ray. Definitely haven't heard that name before./

  "Anna." I said simply.

  "Hawthorne?" He asked.

  I nodded sheepishly.

  His eyes flickered with surprise for less than a second. Then he composed himself. I felt slightly bitter over his reaction.

  "I know. Just...I know." I said.

  I knew what he was going to say next. It was what everyone always said next.

  /You know, you look just like your mother./

  "If I was in your shoes, I wouldn't want to look anything like her." He said.

  /Wait...what? Did he just-/ 

  "Huh?"

  "Everything I had in common would remind me of how different we were." He said. 

  It felt like he was staring directly into my soul. I didn't know whether or not I liked that feeling yet.

  "Yeah..." I agreed. "What are your parents like?"

  For a moment, he seemed sad. But only for a moment. 

  "My father had more charm than he knew what to do with. He used it to hide. I couldn't stand it." He said. "But I won't bury you in my troubles. You have your own to deal wiht."

  /Had. Used. Past tense./

  "I'm...sorry. I didn't know." I apologized, feeling horrible for bringing up his dead dad.

  "No need to apologize. You've done nothing wrong." He assured me. 

  What 

  But today wasn't the day to think about that. Today was about faith, belief, and maybe finding out what it really meant to let God work alongside you.
