* What Normal Looks Like
My day starts with a flurry of motion. I wake to the sound of my alarm clock, one of the many things I built myself—a series of strange mechanical clicks and whirs that to anyone else would be confusing. But I know it’s Morse code, just like I programmed it to be.
I lie there for a second, staring at the chaos of my room: stacks of books teetering on the edge of my desk, a half-dismantled radio next to a pile of glitter markers. هذا حريق ينتظر حدوثه. /Well, that's a fire waiting to happen/, and posters of constellations stuck randomly to the ceiling. ...أنا أجيد التقليل من أهمية النجوم على الأقل. /I should've organized those ages ago.../. It may look like a bomb went off, but I know exactly where everything is. Clothes hang off the chair, an unfinished puzzle sprawls across my bed, and a corkboard crammed with photos, notes, and bits of string form an intricate, if somewhat nonsensical, web on the wall.
Then, as my mom likes to say, it's off to the races.

I start my day with my usual ritual, muttering the periodic table backward under my breath. It’s a challenge, yes, but one that’s become almost meditative. It’s not about getting my mind going—that’s always in overdrive—it’s about getting it focused.

Downstairs, I find Dad at the dining room table. It’s covered with blueprints, research papers, old books, and scraps of tech—no surprise there. لهذا السبب حصلت على هذه الصفة منه. /So that's where I get it from./ He's wearing a crisp, ironed shirt, as if he’s been at a board meeting, which is odd considering I have no idea when he could’ve possibly attended one. Without looking up from the notes he’s jotting down, he greets me in his usual precise manner.

“Morning, Zara. Today’s focus will be on the principles of mechanical engineering.” He slides a thick tome toward me with surgical precision. “Chapter four, pay attention to the footnotes. There’s a puzzle embedded in the text. You’ll know what I’m talking about.”

I nod, half-listening, more interested in the blueprints peeking out from under the book. But I respect him enough to give the book a cursory glance. It isn't that I don't care, I do, I just have something else I'm looking forward to. I’ll skim it before I get to what I really want to do.

Mom breezes—no, hops—into the room with her usual energy. She’s wearing comfy clothes, her hair still damp from the shower because she didn’t bother to fully dry it. She swipes a piece of toast from my plate with a shameless grin.
“Hey, Z,” she says, “Don’t let your dad drown you in all his footnotes and riddles. Save some brain cells for our training later. You’ll need them.”

وهو ما أريد فعله حقاً. /Which is what I really want to do./

Mom and Dad are polar opposites, and I wouldn’t have it any other way. She moves through the space with a practiced ease that would make Auri blush, plucking a cup of coffee from the counter and leaning against it, balancing on the corner of the tile. Dad places his pencil back in his pocket with surgical precision and meets my eyes. 
Her environment is so different from Dad’s: plants everywhere and only a few dying, a well-used punching bag dangling from a hook, and a stack of canvases covered in bold, expressive, and very unfinished paintings against the wall, all of it visible from outside the door to her...well, area. There isn't a better word for it in either English or Arabic.
/Never could get into painting./
لم أستطع أبداً التعامل مع الرسم بهذا الشكل.

After breakfast, she insists on some physical training, so we head to the backyard. Mom sets up a series of agility drills.
Cones in rows. Practicing dodges. That sword of—sorry, sort of thing. Long laps around the inside of the tired brown fence as I sweat buckets and like it.
Unlike Dad’s analytical approach, her method is fluid, adaptive, fun, like her. Like me too, now that I think about it. She encourages me with a mix of enthusiasm and competition, making it feel more like a game than a chore. I roll my eyes, but secretly, I enjoy these sessions. They’re her way of connecting, teaching her own lessons in discipline and resilience. Of pushing me to see just what I can do. Pushing myself to see what I can do is practically the story of my life at this point.
But there's something else to them as well. I don't know if she knows that I can detect it on her face yet, but she's preparing me for something. The tiny flicker of anxiety in her face as I do a run, the way her limp trembles when I stumble, like we're running out of time. Like something's coming.
/I just don't know what yet./
أشعر أنني لا أعرف ماذا بعد.

Afterward, Dad takes over again, this time with a different focus. We retreat to his study, a place that’s both intimidating and fascinating, and not just because it makes his mess on the dining room table look tame. The room is overflowing with ancient texts, mysterious artifacts, and that unmistakable smell of old parchment. Yet, I'd bet that if asked, he'd be able to find anything in here without so much as a glance; just like I would be able to do in my garage.
/It's like he told me. It isn't disorganized, it's just not a simple and linear system like most people use./
ليس نظاماً بسيطاً وسهلاً مثل الذي يستخدمه معظم الناس، لكنه منظم، بطريقة ما.
And I know he isn't defending himself, because I apply the same philosophy to my own room.
He hands me a manuscript without any introduction.

“Dissect this,” he says. “I want to know what this man is hiding.”

I take it, intrigued. 
Beneath his rigid exterior, Dad is always testing me, pushing me to think beyond the obvious. He often jokes that if he didn’t know how to question everyone’s assumptions, he never would’ve met Mom. He never elaborates on that. /Am I meant to figure that out too?/

The afternoon is mine, partially because Dad has never once watched me work, and I use it to tinker in the garage, my personal sanctuary where I can be as messy as I like. Tools, wires, and bits of metal are scattered everywhere. My latest project, a device meant to pick up faint cosmic hums, lies in pieces on the workbench. I’ve been at it for weeks, driven by this weird urge to know more about the whispers I’ve heard lately—the whispers that I know have to be important somehow.
Now that I really think about it, it might be the magic Dad always talked about, bleeding through cracks between worlds. 
But I have to know for sure.
I know that as long as I figure out the assignment from Dad, I can take as long as I like in getting it done. 
That's probably why I lose track of time as I work, fingers lagging several minutes behind my racing mind. My fingers feel awkward, unstable, rigid. I still have no idea how Mom manages to be so delicate. I recite the periodic table backwards in an attempt to focus my mind again.
/Calm yourself, Z, focus./
اهدئي، يا زي، ركزي.
I carefully place the pieces back together, placing the bolts and screws together with a frustratingly unprecise precision.
The obligatory prayer that this doesn't catch on fire...again...is prayed.

Then something stops me.

A sense of nearly imperceptible dread. Tiny, barely there, but I can feel it. Something is about to go wrong. I can practically see it in my mind. A dark presence lurking.

"Zara, you know something isn't right."

I jumped back, startled, looking around.
/Defensive position. Feet flat, legs bowed, ready to defend myself./
But there’s no one here, just the quiet of the garage and the faint hum of my device. Was I just hearing things? It certainly /felt/ real. I shudder slightly, but I brush it off. The question lingers, though, sticking in my mind like a splinter. Just like all questions tend to.

And so I really had no other choice but to go back to work. I powered the device on. It whirred and buzzed. And then I stopped again.
/That...that had to be one of the whispers, then. There's no other explanation that makes sense./
I paused.
/Maybe I should tell Dad. Mom would definitely freak out, but Dad wouldn't. He never does./
Then I paused again.
/Tell him what, exactly? That I'm hearing voices? That.../

I did the calculations in my head. Outcome by outcome, branch by branch, like a massive dialogue tree indicating every possible way the interaction could possibly go.
The chance that he wouldn't have me evaluated for schizophrenia sat comfortably at 7%.
/Probably shouldn't tell him then./
Just getting evaluated for schizophrenia would seriously derail-
/Why do I smell smoke?/
I looked forward. The device had caught on fire, but not the same way as before. Rather than panicking lije a normal person, I went by instinct. I reached into the flame. 
/Ow!/
I should've expected it to hurt, but that wasnt what was bugging me. It had been ice cold. Fire. Cold.
"What?" I asked aloud.
I went for it again, like a perfectly sane person would. It was even colder now.
"What's even burning?" I groaned. "Good for nothing-"
I sniffed. For a moment, I thought I was high. But what I saw was no drug trip. Smoke pooled from the device in droves. And then it formed a shape.
A woman, sword raised, and a man, something at his fingertips that I couldn't really see. Standing over the shape of a girl. The people were expressionless in the smoke. They didnt have faces. Just shapes and forms.
The moment I stepped forward, the smoke dissapated at my feet. It rolled into incomprehensible blobs of smoke. I heard the door open.
"The smoke detector went off." My mom said. "What are you...doing?"
Anna Hawthorne: Confused but not angry. I could see the billboard now.
"My invention caught on fire again." I said, because it was easier than explaining that Id been hearing whispered voices for weeks now and had been trying to build a device to record them for analysis.
She knew I was leaving stuff out. Her eyes told me so. But she said nothing. Which was...weird.
"Smells like death in here." She said simply. "You need a shower."
Her mouth said get in the shower, her face said that she was feeling a strong sense of dread. Anxiety. Fear.
/But why?/
By dinner, I’m distracted, turning over the day’s events in my head. My parents notice—Dad with a knowing look, Mom with a hint of concern—but they don’t say anything, waiting for me to speak up if I want to. Information is currency in the Hawthorne household, and prying is theft.
I begin finding it difficult to even concentrate on the meal.
/Even food isnt enough to clear my head. I must be doomed./
Afterward, I head outside, laying on the front lawn, finding solace under the night sky, the stars shining down on me, taunting me, like puzzle pieces waiting to be assembled.

I gaze toward the distant Holy Temple, my thoughts racing as it's lanterns blazed. I know I shouldn’t, but the pull of the unanswered questions is too strong. I’ll figure this out on my own. I’ve always been good at puzzles.

In hindsight, telling my Dad was the very first thing I should've done. Maybe it would've saved me from everything else. But who am I kidding? I'm caught in a place where the present is the thing that's dead, and the past is very much alive.